when you think you are picking a college sometimes you look ahead at your
career and think what difference will it make and sometimes it makes
very little difference very little difference at all for instance
at the bachelor's level generally virtually any college in the country
we'll give you a decent education allow you to go on to your career
on post graduate work but there are some colleges that have a
better name than others if you want to go into graduate work for instance
you might be much better advised to go to Stanford if you can
get into Stanford then you would be the going to cal state LA it's not
that you would be a whole lot better educated at Stanford although
that's probably too but it's just that when you get ready to go the
people looking at you will consider that school and the same is true
with even your postgraduate work I went to the university of Colorado
for law school and I was worried about my class rank going through
law school and yet the lawyer who was in private practice told me
he had practiced law for fifty years and never will what's never once
had any client ever asking where he went to law school and was class
rank words now it's not always true and that lawyer not mortgage
do private practice but wanted to become a Supreme Court justice or
a professor at Harvard Law School then the school to which he went
would be very critical and his gray drakes with very critical so sometimes
it makes a big difference times it doesn't make much difference
at all by and large most people will never know where you did your
work in school and they won't know whether you did well or poorly
intrinsic GPA